Update documentation (#1455)
opendatacube/datacube-core: README.rst

   -  ``git clone https://github.com/opendatacube/datacube-core.git``

2. Create a Python environment for using the ODC.  We recommend `Mambaforge <https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/mamba.html>`__ as the
   easiest way to handle Python dependencies.

::

>    mamba env create -f conda-environment.yml

Reviewer: Should there be a `-n cubeenv` on the mamba create command?

Author: No, because the env name is specified in `conda-environment.yml`

   pre-commit install

5. Run unit tests + PyLint

Install test dependencies using:
   
   ``pip install --upgrade -e '.[test]'``

If install for these fails, please lodge them as issues.
   
Run unit tests with:

   ``./check-code.sh``

>    (this script approximates what is run by Travis. You can

Reviewer 2: We're running with GitHub Actions now right?
```suggestion
   (this script approximates what is run by GitHub Actions. You can
```
